Listening. Understanding. Delivering.
Insurance Savings Plan
The benefit(s) payable under eligible certificate/policy is(are) protected by 
Perbadanan Insurans Deposit Malaysia (“PIDM”) up to limits. Please refer to 
PIDM’s Takaful and Insurance Benefits Protection System (“TIPS”) Brochure 
or contact Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad or PIDM
(visit www.pidm.gov.my).
The benefit(s) payable under eligible certificate/policy is(are) protected by 
Perbadanan Insurans Deposit Malaysia (“PIDM”) up to limits. Please refer 
to PIDM’s Takaful and Insurance Benefits Protection System (“TIPS”) 
Brochure or contact Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad or PIDM
(visit www.pidm.gov.my).
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad
198301012262 (107655-U)
Member of PIDM
PRUCash Enrich
Guaranteed long-term savings for your family’s financial future
An enriched future foryour family
Every one of us has our own life plans and financial goals. You might be starting a family, growing education funds 
for your children or even planning for your golden retirement years. 
No matter what your goals and aspirations are, enriching your life ahead with savings that could continue beyond 
your lifetime will help you ensure a secure future for your family and give you peace of mind.
Plan highlights
Introducing PRUCash Enrich, an insurance savings plan that offers a range of benefits to help you provide for your 
family, even when you are no longer around. 
An enriched future for 
your family is worth saving for
Annual guaranteed
cash payments 
throughout the 
policy term
No future premium 
is required upon 
unfortunate events 
if waiver rider(s) is 
attached
Compassionate 
Benefit
upon death
Entry age from 
14 days – 70 
years old1
One lump sum 
maturity benefit 
payout with
potential upside
Multiple premium 
payment term and 
policy term options 
to suit your 
financial needs
Guaranteed 
Acceptance on 
basic plan
Pass down your 
wealth to your loved 
ones when you are 
no longer around
1Subject to expiry age 100.
Annual guaranteed cash payments throughout the policy term
Get rewarded with guaranteed cash payments as your Survival Benefit from the end of Policy Year 1 until maturity to boost your 
savings provided your policy remains in force. The Survival Benefit will be payable as follows:
You may opt to receive the payout or accumulate with Prudential as another portion of savings. If the accumulation option is selected, 
the accumulated cash payments with interest (if any) will be paid upon termination, surrender or maturity of policy, whichever is earlier.
*In the event that Life Assured has passed away and Alternate Life Assured is appointed.
Flexi continuation option – Alternate Assured
To protect your legacy and ensure your wealth is passed 
down to your loved ones, you may designate a person to 
be the new Assured when you are no longer around.
Protect and preserve your legacy of wealth and ensure your legacy lives on within your family and loved ones.
As long as the policy is in force, the guaranteed Survival Benefit and Maturity Benefit will continue to be payable after the new Life 
Assured takes effect.
Pass down your wealth to your loved ones when you are no longer around*
Change the Life Assured of policy for 
unlimited number of times
This plan allows you to appoint an Alternate Life Assured 
during the lifetime of the existing Life Assured while the 
policy is in force. The new Life Assured will take effect 
after the existing Life Assured has passed on.
3%
125%
6%
3%
180%
6%
1 – 10
11 – 19
20
10 Years Premium Payment Term
5 Years Premium Payment Term
Survival Benefit (% of Guaranteed Maturity Benefit)
End of Policy Year
Policy Term 20
End of Policy Year
Policy Term 30
1 – 10
11 – 20
21 – 29
30
Survival Benefit (% of Guaranteed Maturity Benefit)
20 Years Premium 
Payment Term
10 Years Premium
Payment Term
5 Years Premium 
Payment Term
8%
40%
12%
8%
100%
12%
8%
4%
4%
4%
95%
12%
End of Policy Year
Policy Term 40
1 – 10
11 – 20
21 – 39
40
Survival Benefit (% of Guaranteed Maturity Benefit)
20 Years Premium 
Payment Term
10 Years Premium
Payment Term
5 Years Premium 
Payment Term
8%
12%
12%
8%
60%
12%
8%
4%
4%
4%
30%
12%
You shall receive Maturity Benefit comprising:
 
• Guaranteed Maturity Benefit (GMB); plus
 
• Non-guaranteed bonus2 payable upon maturity 
to ensure you and your loved ones are taken care of financially in the future.
One lump sum maturity benefit payout with potential upside
Entry age from 14 days – 70 years old3
Guaranteed Acceptance on basic plan 
Covers juvenile and adult with entry age as early as 14 days old to 70 years old3.
Guaranteed acceptance for this plan without the need to go through underwriting unless waiver rider(s) is attached.
Compassionate Benefit upon death
Compassionate Benefit will be payable as follows:
Compassionate Benefit is only payable ONCE during the policy term.
will be payable in the event of accidental death1
RM10,000
will be payable upon death
RM5,000
14 days old 
70 years old
Enjoy the flexibility to choose from various combinations to fit your budget and needs.
Multiple premium payment term and policy term options to suit your financial needs
No future premium is required upon unfortunate events if waiver rider(s) is attached
Life Assured Waiver Plus
Assured Waiver Plus
When you attach the optional waiver rider(s) below, it creates a financial safety net for you and your loved ones.
Future premiums will be waived upon insured life’s death, Total and Permanent Disability (TPD)1 or upon diagnosis of any of the 
covered 42 Critical Illnesses.
OR
1Prior to the Policy Anniversary of age 70.
2Bonus consists of Terminal Bonus and will be paid as a lump sum upon maturity or surrender. This bonus is not guaranteed and will depend on the actual operating and 
 investment results experienced by Prudential’s participating life fund. 
3Subject to expiry age 100.
-
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
20
10
5
Premium Payment Term (Years)
20
30
40
Policy Term (Years)
For financial security, he also chose to purchase Life Assured 
Waiver Plus, where future premiums would be waived in the 
event of Sam passing away, suffering from TPD2 or being 
diagnosed with any of the covered 42 Critical Illnesses. 
Upon maturity of this policy, she may receive RM447,3943 in 
total, consisting of RM40,000 (i.e. the final year guaranteed 
cash payment), and Maturity Benefit of RM407,394 
(RM100,000 GMB plus RM307,3943 non-guaranteed bonus 
payable on maturity). Even though Sam has passed away, his 
family’s financial future is secured.
1Bonus consists of Terminal Bonus and will be paid as a lump sum upon maturity or surrender. This bonus is not guaranteed and will depend on the actual operating and 
 investment results experienced by Prudential’s participating life fund.
2Prior to the Policy Anniversary of age 70.
3The projected Maturity Benefit is based on high scenario assuming the participating life fund earns 5% (gross of tax and expenses) every year. Under low scenario assuming 
 the participating life fund earns 2% (gross of tax and expenses) every year, he may receive RM140,000 in total upon maturity, consisting of RM40,000 (i.e. the final year 
 guaranteed cash payment), and Maturity Benefit of RM100,000, consisting of guaranteed benefit only.
How PRUCash Enrich works?
• Sam chooses PRUCash Enrich because this plan 
 
allows him to determine the Guaranteed Maturity 
 
Benefit (GMB) he will receive 30 years later. 
 
Furthermore, he may potentially receive additional 
 
bonus1 upon maturity. 
• He has the choice of multiple premium payment 
 
term options. After careful consideration, he  decides
 
on a premium payment term of 5 years so that he 
 
can focus on other financial commitments.
Sam purchased a 5 Pay 30 PRUCash Enrich 
with GMB of RM100,000.
Sam, aged 35, is planning for
his retirement at age 65
Upon maturity of this policy, he may receive 
RM447,3943 in total, consisting of RM40,000
(i.e. the final year guaranteed cash payment), 
and Maturity Benefit of RM407,394 (RM100,000 
GMB plus RM307,3943 non-guaranteed bonus 
payable on maturity).
If Sam survives until policy maturity
In the event that Sam passes away 
before policy maturity
Unfortunately, Sam passed away at policy year 5. 
RM5,000 compassionate benefit will be payable to his 
family. His wife, as an Alternate Assured and Alternate Life 
Assured, will now become the Assured and Life Assured of 
the policy, and continue to receive the annual guaranteed 
cash payments without the need to pay premium.
Sam will receive the annual guaranteed cash 
payments throughout the policy term as long as 
he continues to pay his premium until the end of 
premium payment term.
He pays a premium of RM5,528.53 per month 
and appoints his wife as both the Alternate 
Assured and Alternate Life Assured.
3
2
Sam can choose to receive the annual guaranteed cash payments or accumulate 
them with Prudential as another portion of his savings.
Throughout the policy term, PRUCash Enrich provides Sam annual guaranteed cash payments every year. The guaranteed cash 
payment is shown in the table below: 
1
4
Guaranteed annualised return (net gain/loss) if held to maturity is 0.52% p.a. The total annualised return (net gain/loss) if held to maturity under high 
scenario (investment rate of return at 5% p.a.) is 3.18% p.a., low scenario (investment rate of return at 2% p.a.) is 0.52% p.a.
The above example is for illustrative purposes only and calculated based on age 35, Male Non-Smoker, 5 Pay 30, with GMB of RM100,000, with Life 
Assured Waiver Plus. 
40%
Survival Benefit
(% of Guaranteed Maturity Benefit)
4%
8%
12%
30
21 – 29
11 – 20
1 – 10
End of Policy Year
Important Notes & Disclaimers
• PRUCash Enrich is a limited pay anticipated endowment participating insurance plan underwritten by Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad  
 
(“PAMB”) 198301012262 (107655-U), which is licensed under the Financial Services Act 2013 and is regulated by Bank Negara Malaysia.
• Premium rates for the basic plan are guaranteed. However, premium rates for the optional riders are not guaranteed. Prudential reserves the 
 
right to revise the premium rates for the optional riders at policy anniversary by giving a 90-day prior notice.
• Buying life insurance is a long-term financial commitment. You should satisfy yourself that the policy (including riders) will best serve your  
 
needs and that the premium payable under the policy is an amount that you can afford. To achieve this, we recommend that you speak to 
 
your Prudential Wealth Planner who will perform a needs analysis and assist you in making an informed decision. You may also contact the 
 
insurance company directly for more information.
• The product is designed with Alternate Life Assured in mind, hence it may not be the right plan for you if you are unable to appoint an Alternate Life 
 
Assured. Please speak to your Prudential Wealth Planner if you would like to understand more.
• This leaflet contains only a brief description of the product and is not exhaustive. You are advised to refer to the PRUCash Enrich Product
 
Disclosure Sheet and Product Illustrations before purchasing a policy. Please note that there are exclusions applicable to each respective
 
benefits. Please refer to the Product Disclosure Sheet, Product Illustrations and Policy Document for the full list of benefits, exclusions,  
 
waiting period and other terms and conditions under the policy.
• Terminal Bonus is a non-guaranteed bonus which may be payable when your policy ends – at the maturity date or if you choose to surrender 
 
your policy. Terminal Bonus is not guaranteed and will depend on the actual operating and investment results experienced by Prudential’s 
 
participating life fund.
• There is a free-look period of 15 days after the date of delivery of the policy to allow you to review if it meets your needs. If the policy is 
 
cancelled within this period, we will refund you the premiums and taxes (if any) that you have paid.
• Any age references shall be on the basis of Age Next Birthday.
• In the event that you do not pay your premium due within one month of grace period, then the amount of cash value available will be used 
 
to pay for your premium through Automatic Premium Loan at the prevailing interest rate, as determined by PAMB. If cash value is insufficient 
 
to pay for such outstanding premiums or other debts with PAMB, then the policies will lapse.
• You can surrender the policy at any time. However, if you terminate the policy in the early years, you may get back less than the amount you 
 
have paid in. Upon surrender, a surrender value will be payable and all the benefits under this policy will be terminated.
• PRUCash Enrich is not a Shariah-compliant product.
• If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the English language, Malay language and Chinese language versions of this leaflet, the 
 
English language version of this leaflet shall prevail and be given effect to.
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 198301012262 (107655-U)
Level 20, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat,
55188 Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Tel: 03-2771 0228, 03-2116 0228
Website: www.prudential.com.my
For more information, visit our website at www.prudential.com.my or contact 
one of our friendly Prudential Wealth Planners. We’re always here to help.
09/2025
