Listening. Understanding. Delivering.
The benefit(s) payable under eligible certificate/policy is(are) protected 
by Perbadanan Insurans Deposit Malaysia (“PIDM”) up to limits. Please refer 
to PIDM’s Takaful and Insurance Benefits Protection System (“TIPS”) 
Brochure or contact Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad or PIDM 
(visit www.pidm.gov.my).
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 198301012262 (107655-U)
Member of PIDM
PRULive Well
Assurance that lasts
Guaranteed income and payout 
upon disability and death
Notes:
1Refers to Policy Anniversary of age 80, 90 and 100.
2Includes the portion of premiums waived (if any), excludes extra premium charged for sub-standard life and taxes (if applicable) and will be calculated based on 
the latest premium payment frequency selected.
3Payment of MIB will reduce the Death Benefit and Maturity Benefit. This benefit is payable up to 20 years; policy maturity; surrender or death, whichever is earliest.
4Inability to perform at least 2 or 3 ADL must be persistent for at least six (6) months and resulting in a permanent inability to perform the said ADL. 
5LSAD is 8% for MIB ranging from RM5,000 to RM7,900; and 12% for MIB RM8,000 and above.
Notes:
*Premium quoted based on male non-smoker, occupation class 1, PRULive Well with Monthly Income Benefit of RM8,000, 20 years premium payment term,
and policy term up to policy anniversary of age 90.
*The case scenario is for illustrative purposes only.
How does PRULive Well work?
What are Activities of Daily Living (ADL)?
90
Age
Paul purchases
PRULive Well.
Paul receives
RM4,000
(50% of the MIB)
every month.
All his future
premiums waived.
Paul’s family receives
the remaining death
benefit as a lump
sum payment.
= RM2mil – RM1.68mil
= RM320k
Paul receives
RM8,000
(100% of
the MIB)
every month.
Paul receives
a total MIB of
RM1.68 million
for 20 years.
50
40
55
70
Unfortunately,
he passed away
due to deteriorating
health conditions.
Paul encountered a bad fall and
was unable to perform 2 ADL.
Transfer
Mobility
Paul suffers from a stroke and is now
unable to perform 1 additional ADL.
Dressing
Paul, age 40, purchases PRULive Well plan with coverage up to age 90.
Monthly Premium = RM3,003, up to 20 years
Monthly Income Benefit (MIB) = RM8,000, up to 20 years
Death Benefit = RM2 million
71
Activities of Daily Living (ADL) are essential basic self-care tasks like eating, bathing, dressing, and moving around.
Paul struggled with performing ADL, so he now needs home or nursing care for his safety and health.
100% premium refund by maturity with policy term options up to 
age1 80, 90 and 100
Receive a refund of total premiums paid2 when your policy matures (less any Monthly 
Income Benefit paid).
Pass on your legacy with 250 times of Monthly Income Benefit
for death benefit
Enjoy Large Sum Assured Discount (LSAD5) up to 12% when you select higher coverage.
Premium waiver upon disability4 to ensure continuous coverage
Monthly Income Benefit (MIB) up to 20 years3 upon disability to 
provide options for assisted living
Receive 50% of MIB when
unable to perform 2 ADL4
Receive 100% of MIB when
unable to perform at least 3 ADL4
Dressing
Eating
Bathing/Washing
Continence
Mobility
Transfer
Did you know?
L
ive Well
ncome
assistance
I
or your
loved ones
F
ssential
benefit
E
Cost of retirement homes can range between RM4,000 – RM6,000 a person, per month, depending on the location and facilities
offered. Meanwhile, care services for assisted living or more luxurious retirement homes can go up to RM10,000 a month or more.
Murugesan, M. (2024, September 20). #HEALTH: Rising cost of retirement. New Straits Times.
With PRULive Well’s guaranteed monthly income, you can maintain your livelihood with assisted care,
offering peace of mind during times of disability.
A Lifetime Security for Your Livelihood
PRULive Well, a lifelong companion providing assurance
that lasts.
Protect your future with guaranteed monthly income when 
disability prevents you from performing multiple Activities
of Daily Living (ADL). Secure your livelihood with financial
support while easing the burden on your loved ones. 
Benefits at a Glance
If Paul lives on till the end of his policy term:
Paul receives a lump sum refund of all premiums paid2 (~RM720k), 
less any MIB paid.
This means the guaranteed annualised return (net gain/loss) if 
held to maturity is 0.00% p.a. without considering any MIB that 
you may receive.
09/2025
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 198301012262 (107655-U)
Level 20, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat,
55188 Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Tel: 03-2771 0228, 03-2116 0228
Website: www.prudential.com.my
Important Notes and Disclaimers:
• PRULive Well is a limited pay non-participating insurance plan underwritten by Prudential Assurance
Malaysia Berhad (“PAMB”) 198301012262 (107655-U), which is licensed under Financial Services Act 2013
and is regulated by Bank Negara Malaysia.
• Premiums for this policy are not guaranteed. We reserve the right to:
· Revise the premium during premium payment period; and/or
· Revise the premium and request for any additional premium to be payable after premium payment period
during the policy term,
by giving at least 90 days prior notice before taking effect on the following Policy Anniversary. The premium
rates for PRULive Well are illustrated in Prudential’s corporate website at www.prudential.com.my.
In the event of premium revision or request for any additional premium to be payable during the policy term,
we will also provide you the option to pay the same premium or not to pay the additional premium
requested, if any, but there will be a reduction to the amount of benefit and/or surrender value (whichever is
applicable) under your policy.
• Buying life insurance is a long-term financial commitment. You should satisfy yourself that the policy will
best serve your needs and that the premium payable under this policy is an amount that you can afford.
To achieve this, we recommend that you speak to your Prudential Wealth Planner who will perform a needs
analysis and assist you in making an informed decision. You may also contact the insurance company
directly for more information.
• This leaflet contains only a brief description of the product and is not exhaustive. You are advised to refer to the
PRULive Well Product Disclosure Sheet and Sales Illustration before purchasing a policy, and to refer to terms
and conditions in the policy document for details of the features and benefits, and exclusions under the policy.
• There is a free-look period of 15 days after the date of delivery of the policy to allow you to review if it meets
your needs. If the policy is cancelled within this period, we will refund you the premiums and taxes (if any)
that you have paid less medical expenses (if any) that we may have already paid or agreed to pay.
• PRULive Well is not a Shariah-compliant product.
• In the event that you do not pay your premium due within one month of grace period, then the surrender
value of this policy will be used to pay for your premium through Automatic Premium Loan at the prevailing
interest rate, as determined by PAMB. If the surrender value of this policy is insufficient to pay for such
outstanding premiums or other debts with PAMB, then the policy will lapse.
• You can surrender the policy at any time. However, if you terminate the policy in the early years, you may get
back less than the amount you have paid in. Upon surrender, a surrender value will be payable and all the
benefits under this policy will be terminated.
• Any age references shall be on the basis of Age Next Birthday.
• If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the English language, Malay language and Chinese language
versions of this leaflet, the English language version of this leaflet shall prevail and be given effect to.
