PRUMy Critical Care
When critical illnesses take many 
forms, your
should too.
We support you through 
every stage of critical illness, 
with additional care when 
it matters most.
PROTECTION BY PERBADANAN INSURANS DEPOSIT MALAYSIA (“PIDM”) ON 
BENEFITS PAYABLE FROM THE UNIT PORTION OF THIS CERTIFICATE/POLICY 
IS(ARE) SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS. Please refer to PIDM’s Takaful and 
Insurance Beneﬁts Protection System (“TIPS”) Brochure or contact Prudential 
Assurance Malaysia Berhad or PIDM (visit www.pidm.gov.my).
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 198301012262 (107655-U)
Member of PIDM
income protection
Critical Illness Impacts More Than Just Health
When critical illness strikes, the impact goes beyond health, placing strain on your income, 
savings, and family responsibilities.
The right critical illness protection offers financial support when you need it most, 
helping ease the burden on your loved ones and keeping your life plans on track, 
even through challenging times.
1Cancer impact on lower-income patients in Malaysian public healthcare.
2Estimating the Burden Among Informal Caregivers of Stroke Survivors.
of stroke survivors were dependent on 
family as caregivers.2
Caregiving demands can be overwhelming for your family. 
Professional recovery support eases that responsibility, so they 
can focus on being there for you.
LIFESTYLE & FAMILY
79%
were forced to quit their jobs.1
Treatment can mean extended 
time away from work. Financial 
support helps replace lost 
income, so your daily expenses 
are covered while you recover.
INCOME & PRODUCTIVITY
relied on salaries and savings 
for out-of-pocket expenses.1
of cancer patients
of cancer patients
Medical insurance covers 
treatment costs but recovery 
goes beyond hospital bills. 
Critical illness payout ensures 
every expense is taken care of.
FINANCIAL STABILITY
30%
91%
The Same Diagnosis Looks Different for Everyone
Critical illness can occur at any age, but its impact evolves as life progresses.
As responsibilities and financial commitments grow, the right protection helps ensure 
a health setback doesn’t derail your plans.
What a Critical Illness Diagnosis Could Mean for You
Early Adulthood
Age 20s
Treatment may 
require time away 
from work.
Income Disruption
Financial Commitments
Student loans, car 
payments, and credit 
card bills remain due.
When you are building 
your career, income is 
often your biggest asset.
Family Building
Age 30s
Financial commitments 
increase as your 
families grow.
Midlife & Beyond
Age 40s onwards
Childcare and 
household needs 
adjust during recovery.
Changing Routines
Mortgage Payment
Monthly repayments 
continue despite 
health setbacks.
Funds may be 
diverted toward 
treatment expenses.
Redirected Plans
Depleted Savings
Recovery costs may 
reduce funds meant 
for retirement.
Your savings are set aside 
for long-term goals or 
legacy planning.
Strengthen Your Critical Illness Protection with Coverage Built Around Your Needs
Terms and conditions apply. 
1Convert to Critical Care Plus or any equivalent critical illness rider as may be made available from time to time. 
2The subsequent Cancer diagnosis must be a new primary cancer that is completely unrelated to the first Cancer claim and occurs in a different organ or site and not a secondary spread (metastasis) of any previous cancer. The diagnosis for subsequent Cancer (for any stages) 
 must be at least 3 years after the diagnosis on the first Cancer. The diagnosis of subsequent Heart Attack or Stroke is unrelated to the first Heart Attack or Stroke claim. The diagnosis for subsequent Late Stage Heart Attack or Stroke must be at least 1 year after the diagnosis on 
 the first Late Stage Heart Attack or Stroke. 
3Rider will be terminated if the rider has paid more than 100% of rider sum assured at ANB 85. If not, the rider will continue to cover up to 100% rider sum assured from ANB 85 onwards.
420% of rider sum assured will be credited to Basic Unit Account on ANB 75, if no claim has been paid. 
5Eligible life milestones include childbirth, marriage, income doubling, purchase of a property valued at RM500,000 and above, and a child’s enrolment in primary, secondary, or tertiary education. This privilege can be exercised once per policy during the first 10 rider years,
 before ANB 50, up to 50% of the rider sum assured, capped at RM300,000 per life. 
6Only applicable for rider sum assured of RM250,000 and above. These value-added services are non-contractual benefits and are subject to change.
ESSENTIAL PROTECTION
Affordable coverage for 
specific needs
ENHANCED PROTECTION
Protection that grows with 
your responsibilities
COMPREHENSIVE PROTECTION
Comprehensive coverage for multiple 
critical illness challenges
Essential 
Child Plus
Essential 
Cancer Care
Critical Illness (CI) Riders
Lump Sum Payout
Upon any covered condition
Case Management Service
Homecare Programme
Receive a voucher worth 8% of your rider 
sum assured, or RM25,000, whichever is lower
Assurance Upgrade Privilege
Increase coverage by 50% of the rider sum assured 
at selected life milestones5 without underwriting
Type of Coverage
Other Protection
10 juvenile 
conditions
Auto-converts to 
Critical Care Plus1 
without medical 
underwriting when 
child reaches
age 25
80 conditions
(Late-stage)
160 conditions
(Early-to-late stage)
ICU Shield Benefit 
and Reconstructive
Care Benefit
Re-diagnosis coverage for Cancer, 
Heart Attack, and Stroke2
Multiple claims up to 400% 
rider sum assured3
Extra 20% rider sum assured for 
diabetic and joint-related conditions
2 conditions
(Late-stage)
Critical Care
Critical Care Plus
Total Multi Crisis Care
Wellness Bonus4
Value-Added Services6
OR
Additional
Accelerate
Additional
Additional
  Accelerate
Reduces your basic 
sum assured upon 
CI claim paid
  Additional
Will not reduce the 
basic sum assured 
upon CI claim paid
Expert Care and Home Support at Every Stage 
of Your Journey
Beyond a payout, you’re supported with expert medical advice and homecare 
recovery support.
Guaranteed Coverage Boost When You Need It Most
Learn more about Case 
Management Service here.
Learn more about 
Homecare Programme here.
Clarity in Medical Decisions
CASE MANAGEMENT 
SERVICE
HOMECARE 
PROGRAMME
Complete Care for Recovery
Treatment Decision Support
• Second medical opinion from 50,000+ top experts
Full Diagnosis Understanding
• Complete diagnosis perspective through  
 
 multi-disciplinary review report
Progress Monitoring
• Personalised guidance by a local physician case manager
Targeted Specialist
• Match to two treating specialists for your condition
Ongoing Medical Support
• Regular check-ins and follow-ups to monitor and   
 support your recovery
Medical Follow-Up
• Medical companion for appointment preparation 
 and assistance
Family Support
• Caregiving training for lifting 
 techniques, hygiene care, 
 and monitoring vitals
• Safety and mobility recommendations 
 for home adjustments
Personal Care
• Elderly care companion to help with meal and medications
• Trained caregivers to assist with Activities of Daily 
 Living (ADL)
• Trained nurses provide essential nursing care 
 and monitor health conditions
DIAGNOSIS
TREATMENT
RECOVERY
Growing responsibility
Expanding lifestyle
Marriage
Child’s enrolment in primary,  
 
secondary, or tertiary education
Childbirth
Increase your 
coverage up to
of the rider sum assured 
at any of these milestones.
50%
Without
underwriting
Buying a property over RM500k
Doubling income
Note: These value-added services are available for rider sum assured of RM250,000 
and above and are provided as non-contractual benefits, subject to change.
Note: Any increase in rider sum assured may lead to an increase in premium.
Protection That Levels up with Selected Life Milestones
MEET LINDA
Linda | 30 | Banking Professional | Single Mother
Her son entered secondary school.
With the Assurance Upgrade Privilege benefit, she opted 
to increase her Total Multi Crisis Care coverage by 
RM125k (50% of her original RM250k coverage), without 
underwriting, to better protect her growing commitments.
Protection Upsize
AGE 
40
AGE 
30
Linda recognised the importance of income protection.
She purchased Total Multi Crisis Care with RM250k 
coverage and Essential Cancer Care with RM100k coverage.
Protecting Against Critical Illness
 
Notes: 
 
1. The premiums are not guaranteed and may vary in the future depending on the actual investment return, 
 
premium payment, policy benefits and charges (including any revision to insurance charge). You may refer 
 
to the annual statement for the recommended Regular Premium Top-up amount, which is updated yearly, 
 
to improve policy sustainability up to the extended term (based on Alternative 1 above), and may consider 
 
topping up your premiums from time to time to improve the sustainability of your policy. We shall notify 
 
you at least 90 days prior to the Extension of Coverage Term if there is any additional premium required 
 
during the extended term.
 
2. If your policy is attached with payor rider, you may be required to increase the sum assured for the payor 
 
rider due to increase in premium (not including any temporary premium increase) to cover the extended 
 
term (subject to underwriting) or any revision to insurance charge. If your policy is under payor claim status 
 
and increase in premium is required, you may be required to pay the additional premium amount that is 
 
not covered by the company to improve sustainability of your policy.
 
3. Age stated in the above table refers to Life Assured's age at Policy Anniversary.
 
4. Please refer to Product Disclosure Sheet for more details.
• PRUWith You Plus and its attachable riders (if any) are not Shariah-compliant products.
• If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the English language, Malay language and Chinese 
language versions of this leaflet, the English language version of this leaflet shall prevail and be given 
effect to.
• Assuming a male, age 19 years, non-smoker purchases a PRUWith You Plus policy with Basic Sum Assured 
RM100,000, Total Multi Crisis Care RM100,000, Acci Guard Plus RM100,000, Acci Med Plus RM5,000, 
Acci Income Plus 3 units, PRUValue Med Med Value Point RM1,000,000 R&B RM200 with Med Saver 
RM300, PRUValue Med Booster and Payor Basic, policy term up to age next birthday (ANB) 80 with 
auto-extension, 100% equity fund, with monthly premium payment through credit card, the estimated 
total premium payable:
04/2026
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 198301012262 (107655-U)
Level 20, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat,
55188 Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Tel: 03-2771 0228, 03-2116 0228
Website: www.prudential.com.my
Total premium payable 
based on coverage 
term up to ANB 80
RM311.00 monthly 
from age 19 up to 
age 78
We advise you to continue paying 
the total premium payable during 
the extended term.
On top of that, additional Regular
Premium Top-up of RM60.00
monthly is recommended from
age 19 up to end of Extension 
of Coverage Term.
Total premium payable: 
RM371.00 monthly from age 19 
up to age 99.
To improve your policy sustainability up to Age 100
Alternative 1
Alternative 2
We advise you to continue paying 
the total premium payable during 
the extended term.
On top of that, additional Regular
Premium Top-up of RM4,025.00
monthly is recommended from
age 79 up to end of Extension 
of Coverage Term.
Total premium payable:
RM311.00 monthly from age 19 
up to age 78.
RM4,336.00 monthly from age 79 
up to age 99.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS IS AN INSURANCE PRODUCT THAT IS TIED TO THE PERFORMANCE OF 
THE UNDERLYING ASSETS, AND IS NOT A PURE INVESTMENT PRODUCT SUCH AS UNIT TRUSTS.
Important Notes & Disclaimers
• PRUMy Critical Care is a solution offered by our product, PRUWith You Plus as its basic plan, with a 
selection of critical illness riders, including Total Multi Crisis Care, Critical Care Plus, Critical Care, Essential 
Cancer Care, and Essential Child Plus. It is underwritten by Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 
198301012262 (107655-U), which is licensed under the Financial Services Act 2013 and is regulated by 
Bank Negara Malaysia.
• PRUMy Critical Care consists of components that can be bought separately, and you are not obligated to 
select all components of this package.
• Unless specified, any age references shall be on the basis of attained age.
• This leaflet contains only a brief description of the product and is not exhaustive. You are advised to refer 
to the PRUWith You Plus or respective critical illness rider Product Disclosure Sheet, Product Illustration and 
Fund Fact Sheet (if any) before purchasing a policy, and to refer to the terms and conditions in the policy 
contract for details of the features and benefits, exclusions and waiting periods under the policy.
• Buying life insurance is a long-term financial commitment. You should ensure that this policy (including 
riders) will best serve your needs and that the premium payable under the policy is an amount that you can 
afford. To achieve this, we recommend that you speak to your Prudential Wealth Planner who will perform 
a needs-based analysis and assist you in making an informed decision. You may also contact the insurance 
company directly for more information. The cost of insurance charge for Medical and Health Insurance 
(MHI) riders are illustrated in Prudential’s corporate website.
• There is a free-look period of 15 days after the date of delivery of the policy to allow you to review if it meets 
your needs. If the policy is cancelled within this period, we will refund you the value of units (at the next 
pricing date) plus the premiums that are not invested, charges (such as insurance charges, service charges, 
processing charges, and any other charges, where applicable), and taxes (if any) that we have deducted less 
medical expenses (if any) that we may have already paid or agreed to pay.
• You can surrender the policy at any time. However, if you terminate the policy in the early years, you may 
get back less than the amount you have paid in. Upon surrender, a surrender value will be payable and all 
the benefits under this plan will be terminated.
• PRUWith You Plus comes with Extension of Coverage Term to extend the term of basic plan up to the Policy 
Anniversary of Life Assured’s age 100. For rider(s), if applicable, the rider’s term will be extended up to the 
Policy Anniversary of Life Assured’s age 100 or the rider’s maximum coverage term, whichever is earlier. 
Unless you request to disable the Extension of Coverage Term, your policy will be auto extended as long as 
it has sufficient value of units to be deducted to pay for the relevant charges, fees and taxes during the 
extended term. To ensure sufficient value of units, additional premium is likely required during the 
extended term. During the extended coverage term, the coverage provided by the basic plan and rider(s) (if 
applicable) will remain the same.
• You may request to disable the Extension of Coverage Term feature after your policy is issued, which will 
result in your coverage ending at the original policy term. Any subsequent request to reapply for Extension 
of Coverage Term is subject to underwriting.
• The critical illness riders exclude:
 
(i)  symptoms of illness that occur prior to or within 30 days after the rider has commenced or the date it is 
 
 revived, except for Cancer, Heart Attack, Coronary Artery By-Pass Surgery, Serious Coronary Artery 
 
 Disease, and Angioplasty And Other Invasive Treatments For Coronary Artery Disease in which a 
 
 60-day waiting period applies;
 
(ii) illness that is directly or indirectly caused by the existence of AIDS or the presence of any HIV infection, 
 
except for “HIV Infection Due To Blood Transfusion", "Full-Blown AIDS", “Occupationally Acquired 
 
Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) Infection” and any other conditions covered under this Critical 
 
Illness Category;
 
(iii) illness arises directly or indirectly from pre-existing illnesses;
 
(iv) illness that is a congenital condition or is caused directly or indirectly from a congenital condition which 
 
happens, or which the Life Assured start to get symptoms of, within the first 2 years from the date of 
 
birth of the Life Assured, unless the illness is expressly stated to be covered as a critical illness; or
 
(v) the life assured did not survive for at least 7 days after the occurrence of a critical illness.
 
Note: This list is non-exhaustive. You must refer to the policy contract for the full list of exclusions.
Protect what matters most. 
Get the care you need with PRUMy Critical Care.
Get in touch with our Prudential Wealth Planner today or visit www.prudential.com.my to learn more.
