PROTECTION BY PERBADANAN INSURANS DEPOSIT MALAYSIA (“PIDM”) ON BENEFITS PAYABLE 
FROM THE UNIT PORTION OF THIS CERTIFICATE/POLICY IS(ARE) SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS. 
Please refer to PIDM’s Takaful and Insurance Benefits Protection System (“TIPS”) Brochure or 
contact Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad or PIDM (visit www.pidm.gov.my).
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 
198301012262 (107655-U)
Member of PIDM
Your life plan.
Extended to your loved ones too .
PRUWith You Plus
Celebrate your life’s milestone with a 
one-time RM500 cash reward when you 
accomplish any of the 5 achievements below:
• Travelling to 10 countries
• Doubling your salary
• Owning a home
• Getting married
• Welcoming a child
Rewarding your life
milestones with Goal
Achievement Benefit4
From birth to age 7, all your children
are automatically protected with death
and child specific illness coverage at an 
additional 30% of your Basic Sum Assured 
without underwriting and additional cost.
Extended protection to
your little ones too with
Child Benefit3
Customise your coverage with flexible riders 
such as medical insurance, critical illness 
insurance, accidental insurance, and payor 
insurance to ensure comprehensive care.
Comprehensive riders
to choose from that
suits your needs
Watch your protection grow at no extra cost. 
Your sum assured increases by 1% every year1, 
up to 50% of the Basic Sum Assured (BSA), 
ensuring continuous coverage and protection. 
This amount is paid upon death or total 
permanent disability (TPD)2 or upon maturity 
at age 100.
Coverage that grows
with you with Sum
Assured Booster
Terms and Conditions apply.
1Starting from 2nd policy year.
2The Sum Assured Booster for TPD is up to 50% of the TPD Sum Assured.
3Applicable for policies with policy term age next birthday (ANB) 70 and above at policy inception.
4Applicable for life assured with entry ANB 25 or below.
Benefits at A Glance
Life insurance and investment in a single, flexible plan that 
protects you and now your loved ones too.
As you journey through life, your protection should grow with you every 
step of the way. PRUWith You Plus is a life insurance and investment 
plan, tailored to your unique needs to protect you and your family.
This plan provides Sum Assured Booster that increases your coverage 
over time with an automatic extension of the policy term up to age 
100#, providing security and peace of mind. It also extends protection 
to your children from birth until age 7 at no extra cost, ensuring your 
little ones are covered.
PRUWith You Plus not only protects you but also safeguards what 
matters most — your loved ones. Secure your future and theirs with 
confidence, knowing you have comprehensive protection that evolves 
alongside you. Because what matters to you, matters to us too.
Enhance your protection with additional riders:
• Medical Insurance
• Critical Illness Insurance
• Accidental Insurance
• Mum and Baby Insurance
• Payor Insurance
And more...
*The case scenario is for illustrative purposes only. The premium quoted at inception is based on male non-smoker aged 22, occupation class 1, PRUWith 
You Plus Basic Sum Assured RM50,000, policy term up to ANB 80, 100% equity fund, PRUMillion Med Active 2.0 Plan 200 with deductible of 
RM500, with monthly premium payment through credit card.
#This product comes with Extension of Coverage Term to extend the term of basic plan up to the Policy Anniversary of Life Assured’s age 100. For rider(s), 
if applicable, the rider’s term will be extended up to the Policy Anniversary of Life Assured’s age 100 or the rider’s maximum coverage term, whichever 
is earlier.
Notes:
Meet Ethan. He just started his first job and 
decided to secure his future with PRUWith You Plus, 
choosing a basic sum assured of RM50,000. 
Additionally, he opted for PRUMillion Med Active 2.0 
medical rider, bringing his total monthly premium 
to RM200.
Age 22
Sum Assured Booster
0%
First Step into Adulthood
Ethan is getting married and 
decides to upgrade his coverage. 
He increased the basic sum 
assured to RM100,000 and 
added a Critical Illness Insurance 
rider with Total Multi Crisis Care 
of RM100,000 as an income 
replacement to further protect 
himself and his wife in case of
an unfortunate event.
Age 32
Sum Assured Booster
10%
Tying the Knot 
Two years later, Ethan and his wife 
welcome their first child. It's an 
exciting time with new responsibilities. 
Thankfully, his plan automatically 
extends coverage to his child at no 
extra cost, with an additional 30%
of his basic sum assured.
Age 34
Sum Assured Booster
12%
Welcoming A New Life
Ethan's family grows with the arrival 
of their second child. His plan 
continues to provide an additional 
30% coverage for each of his children 
until age 7, at no extra cost.
Sum Assured Booster
15%
Family Continues to Grow
Age 37
As Ethan enters his golden years, 
his policy term is automatically 
extended until age 100#, ensuring 
he has lifelong coverage.
Sum Assured Booster
50%
Enjoy The Golden Years
Age 80
Ethan lives a long and healthy life until age 100. 
With his policy extended to this age, he receives 
the total amount of his Sum Assured, Sum Assured 
Booster and Account Value at maturity, allowing 
him to enjoy his golden years with his loved ones.
Age 100
Sum Assured Booster
50%
A Century of Protection
Ethan enjoys travelling and together with his family, 
he has visited 10 different countries. He is rewarded 
with a RM500 Goal Achievement Benefit.
Sum Assured Booster
25%
Cash Reward for Milestone Achieved
Age 47
01/2026
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS IS AN INSURANCE PRODUCT THAT IS TIED TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING ASSETS, 
AND IS NOT A PURE INVESTMENT PRODUCT SUCH AS UNIT TRUSTS.
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 198301012262 (107655-U)
Level 20, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat, 
55188 Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Tel: 03-2771 0228, 03-2116 0228
Website: www.prudential.com.my
Important Notes & Disclaimers
1. 
PRUWith You Plus is a regular pay investment-linked plan underwritten by Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad 198301012262 (107655-U), which is licensed 
under the Financial Services Act 2013 and is regulated by Bank Negara Malaysia.
2. 
Unless specified, any age references shall be on the basis of attained age.
3. 
Buying life insurance is a long-term financial commitment. You should ensure that this policy (including riders) will best serve your needs and that the premium 
payable under the policy is an amount that you can afford. To achieve this, we recommend that you speak to your Prudential Wealth Planner who will perform 
a needs-based analysis and assist you in making an informed decision. You may also contact the insurance company directly for more information. The cost of 
insurance charge for Medical and Health Insurance (MHI) riders are illustrated in Prudential’s corporate website.
4. 
This leaflet contains only a brief description of the product and is not exhaustive. You are advised to refer to the PRUWith You Plus Product Disclosure Sheet, 
Product Illustration and Fund Fact Sheet (if any) before purchasing a policy, and to refer to the terms and conditions in the policy contract for details of the 
features and benefits, exclusions and waiting periods under the policy.
5. 
There is a free-look period of 15 days after the date of delivery of the policy to allow you to review if it meets your needs. If the policy is cancelled within this 
period, we will refund you the value of units (at the next pricing date) plus the premiums that are not invested, charges (such as insurance charges, service 
charges, processing charges, and any other charges, where applicable), and taxes (if any) that we have deducted less medical expenses (if any) that we may 
have already paid or agreed to pay.
6. 
This product comes with Extension of Coverage Term to extend the term of basic plan up to the Policy Anniversary of Life Assured’s age 100. For rider(s), 
if applicable, the rider’s term will be extended up to the Policy Anniversary of Life Assured’s age 100 or the rider’s maximum coverage term, whichever 
is earlier. Unless you request to disable the Extension of Coverage Term, your policy will be auto extended as long as it has sufficient value of units to be 
deducted to pay for the relevant charges, fees and taxes during the extended term. To ensure sufficient value of units, additional premium is likely required 
during the extended term. During the extended coverage term, the coverage provided by the basic plan and rider(s) (if applicable) will remain the same.
7. 
You may request to disable the Extension of Coverage Term feature after your policy is issued, which will result in your coverage ending at the original policy 
term. Any subsequent request to reapply for Extension of Coverage Term is subject to underwriting.
8. 
Assuming a male, age 22 years, non-smoker, occupation class 1, purchases a PRUWith You Plus policy, with Basic Sum Assured RM100,000, Total Multi Crisis 
Care RM100,000, PRUMillion Med Active 2.0 R&B 200 with deductible of RM500, policy term up to age next birthday (ANB) 80 with auto-extension, 100% 
equity fund, with monthly premium payment through credit card, the estimated total premium payable when there are no claims made and approved:
Notes: 
• The premiums are not guaranteed and may vary in the future depending on the actual investment return, premium payment, policy benefits and charges 
(including any revision to insurance charge). You may refer to the annual statement for the recommended Regular Premium Top-up amount, which is 
updated yearly, to improve policy sustainability up to the extended term (based on Alternative 1 above), and may consider topping up your premiums from 
time to time to improve the sustainability of your policy. We shall notify you at least 90 days prior to the Extension of Coverage Term if there is any additional 
premium required during the extended term.
• If your policy is attached with payor rider, you may be required to increase the sum assured for the payor rider due to increase in premium (not including 
any temporary premium increase) to cover the extended term (subject to underwriting) or any revision to insurance charge. If your policy is under payor 
claim status and increase in premium is required, you may be required to pay the additional premium amount that is not covered by the company to 
improve sustainability of your policy.
• Age stated in the above table refers to Life Assured's age at Policy Anniversary.
• Please refer to Product Disclosure Sheet for more details.
We advise you to continue paying the total 
premium payable during the extended term. 
On top of that, additional Regular Premium Top-up 
of RM50.00 monthly is recommended from age 
22 up to end of Extension of Coverage Term.
Total premium payable: RM300.00 monthly is 
recommended from age 22 up to age 99.
To improve your policy sustainability up to Age 100
Total premium payable based 
on coverage term up to ANB 80
We advise you to continue paying the total premium 
payable during the extended term. 
On top of that, additional Regular Premium Top-up of 
RM2,771.00 monthly is recommended from age 79 up 
to end of Extension of Coverage Term.
Total premium payable: 
RM250.00 monthly is recommended from age 22 up 
to age 78.
RM3,021.00 monthly is recommended from age 79 up 
to age 99.
Alternative 1
Alternative 2
RM250.00 monthly from 
age 22 up to age 78
9. 
PRUWith You Plus and its attachable riders (if any) are not Shariah-compliant products.
10. You can surrender the policy at any time. However, if you terminate the policy in the early years, you may get back less than the amount you have paid in. Upon 
surrender, a surrender value will be payable and all the benefits under this plan will be terminated.
11. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the English language, Malay language and Chinese language versions of this leaflet, the English language 
version of this leaflet shall prevail and be given effect to.
